
If the booking is successful, the booking should be persisted.

If the booking is successful, payment should be captured from the users payment method.
The booking price should be calculated by a external service, based upon the booking party, location and date requested.
If the payment is unsuccessful, then the booking should not be persisted.
If the booking is cancelled up to 60 days before the booking date, the money should be refunded.
If the booking is cancelled up to 30 days before the booking, 75 percent of the booking price should be refunded.
If the booking is cancelled up to 7 days before the booking, 50 percent of the booking price should be refunded.
When the booking user supplies an email, a booking confirmation should be sent to the user.
When the booking user supplies an email and a payment fails, a failed payment email should be sent to the user.
When the booking user supplies an email and a cancellation is successful, a cancellation email should be sent to the user.
When the booking user supplies an email and a cancellation fails, an explanation email should be sent to the user.

Changing the booking date up to 20 days before the booking charges an additional 20% of the original booking price.
Changing the booking date up to 10 days before the booking charges an additional 30% of the original booking price.
Changing the booking date up to 2 days before the booking charges an additional 40% of the original booking price.

Bonus

Bookings can be retrieved using a date filter.
Cancelled bookings can be retrieved for a specific user.
Successful booking should log to a domain logger.
Failed booking should log to a domain logger.
Changing the booking date should log to a domain logger.
Cancelling the booking should log to a domain logger.
Successul bookings should be placed on a message bus for distribution to integration partners (e.g hotel).
Cancelled bookings should be placed on a message bus for distribution to our integration partners (e.g. hotel).

// var settings = MongoClientSettings.FromConnectionString("mongodb://localhost:27017");
// var client = new MongoClient(settings);